classroom: I record my lessons all the time, but then I don't even have the time to process the video recording.
classroom: Anyway, so if you want to access this page, please scan the QR code, or you can go to the WhatsApp group. I leave a URL there.
classroom: You know, usually I got my, you know, customized domain link, but somehow I haven't
classroom: managed to get that, so I'm using Lovable. But later I will turn this into a more professional
classroom: web page.
classroom: Alright, so, once you are on this page.
classroom: You should be able to then scan the QR code to join,
classroom: WhatsApp group, if you haven't done so.
classroom: Because the thing is, based on my WhatsApp group, enrollment, I've got… 11 students, so…
classroom: So, we just have to, kind of, have to see.
classroom: All right, so let's very quickly talk about this, answer this basic question. I'm sure that this is the question that everybody would have in mind. What is this course about, right? And,
classroom: If you look at the title, Taking a Stand, Turning Research Insights into Policy Recommendations, taking a stand is kind of a… implies that we're pretty contentious.
classroom: You know, we're argumentative.
classroom: We're trying to make a scene, so to speak, right?
classroom: And, and we, of course, will have to do some research, so that's what most people would do in a, in a, in a university, right?
classroom: But then…
classroom: what makes this course different is that we try to bridge the research in the university with the public policy discussion, okay? So we try to make some recommendations to the government staff about how they can do a better job.
classroom: Alright? So that's why, as I mentioned earlier, one of the starting assumptions of this course is that we believe the government can do a better job, and there's room for improvement in what they do.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: I would assume that we all agree, right? So there's always room for improvement.
classroom: But then the question is, Number one, how do you do research about public policy?
classroom: Right? Where are you gonna do with EHOP?
classroom: Well, in a course like this.
classroom: even when you work in team, you don't have the resources to collect primary data, right? You can't really go to the site and collect a lot of data to do your research. That's not really what this course is about.
classroom: So our approach, or our weapon, or so-called secret weapon, is what we call code of access to information.
classroom: All right? So call access to information is…
classroom: We couldn't… we didn't… we don't really call it a law, it's more… more about just,
classroom: kind of a code or a system. But still, it's useful, because under the call on Access to Information, you can actually write letters to the government.
classroom: Okay, you can write letters to the government, and you can ask them questions, and expect them to answer in about 21 days. That's 3 weeks.
classroom: Okay, so let's, let's watch this, very short video.
classroom: Oh, okay.
classroom: Hold on.
classroom: Oh, can you hear me now?
classroom: Okay.
classroom: So let's, let's watch this, short video together.
Audio shared by classroom: Take a guess, but we don't have to guess if it is transparent. You need no guesswork to get information from the government. The public can make requests for information under the Code on Access to Information.
Audio shared by classroom: Visit www.access.gov.hk to find out more.
classroom: Okay, so this is actually our secret weapon, because, when we do research, we can't just rely on the, website, right? Of course, you can search the internet, you can get information, about, you know, different issues and policies, but then you also, what we can do is actually
classroom: raise questions, okay? Email the government staff and ask them to provide information.
classroom: So that, that's, that's a very important step, in our course. But then,
classroom: We do research, we make some arguments about how the government can do a better job.
classroom: Then, what? What's the next step?
classroom: Of course, you can just email them and say, look, this is what you should do, blah blah blah, but then…
classroom: then they may not pay attention, right? So how can we make sure that they listen?
classroom: Well, one thing we do is we actually, write letters to the editor.
classroom: In South Korean Morning Post. And this is a letter I hope everybody can read a little bit.
classroom: Can you all access to this letter?
classroom: It's from the… from the page, I just,
classroom: Let me send a link to the…
classroom: to a group.
classroom: But as I said, you should be able to access through the,
classroom: the page.
classroom: Now, the reason why this is so important, because this letter, I was invited To write this letter.
classroom: to celebrate South China Morning Post's 120th anniversary. So this is a pretty, I think it's an honor for me to, to, contribute this piece.
classroom: together with Mark Peeker. So Mark Peeker is actually another, regular, contributor to the To the column.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: So let's… let's read this together, because basically, you will get a sense of what we are trying to do here, in this course through… through this, letter.
classroom: So I kind of tried to trace back my journey. I started, writing letters, or writing for this session in 2013, so it's, like, 13 years ago.
classroom: And, by, 20… 2023, so that… this was… that letter was… this letter was published.
classroom: I already published over 100 letters.
classroom: But more importantly, I work with my colleague.
classroom: And together, we have helped over 300 students to publish letters as well.
classroom: Because the maximum number of authors that each letter can have is 3.
classroom: So if you form a group and work on a project, three of you can jointly publish a letter together.
classroom: Right?
classroom: So, over 300 students together published nearly 140 letters, so this is obviously not the most updated numbers, but you can see that's kind of one of our, accomplishments.
classroom: of this course.
classroom: Now, if you read on, you can see that,
classroom: You know, there's quite a number of milestones.
classroom: Including this one.
classroom: So this is actually a letter that…
classroom: I would argue that this is the first letter in the history of South China Morning Post that was co-authored, or with AI's contribution.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: Because near the end of the letter, it says, this letter was written without input and light rewrites by ChatGPT.
classroom: And, this was back in…
classroom: February 2023, so at the time, KGPT was only 3 years old.
classroom: I'm sorry, 3 months old.
classroom: 3 months old.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: But now it's more than 3 years ago.
classroom: Now… The next paragraph…
classroom: talk about our approach. The letters column offers us opportunities to critically review the decisions made by the Hong Kong government, and this is essentially what this course is about. Critically review the decisions made by the Hong Kong government.
classroom: Through researching public policy matters, including citing the code on access to information, we have published letters on a wide range of issues, such as emergency alert system, national security law, and solo weather. So you can see there's a wide range of topics that we cover.
classroom: Occasionally, government staff, for example, the Department of Justice and the Hong Kong Observatory, would write in response.
classroom: Right? So that's also something quite,
classroom: Interesting, because when we write something in the newspaper.
classroom: The government staff may write in response, so we can have, essentially, a public conversation about different public issues, public, policy issues.
classroom: Alright.
classroom: So that's, that's also quite, quite important.
classroom: And our conversation with the government extended beyond the newspaper.
classroom: We also s… Set up a meeting with lawmakers.
classroom: Unfortunately, all these, these four lawmakers are no longer part of the new legislative council.
classroom: But, we had meetings with them, okay? We had meetings with them, and, it's also something related to the…
classroom: to the, to the letters. Okay, we, we also read letters about it.
classroom: For example, we…
classroom: I couldn't remember the meeting we had with Meet the Chad. Yeah, actually, we had to…
classroom: We had a meeting with Mr. Chen, To talk about the… Quarantine, quarantine, isolation.
classroom: Arrangement for the incoming freshmen from inland China.
classroom: So that was during the pandemic, 2021, year 2021.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: Alright, so… so that's how… you can see that it's not surprising efforts, there's also the opportunity to meet with the lawmakers.
classroom: I can tell you how we can do that.
classroom: And finally, this column is also an opportunity to kind of, talk about research.
classroom: Right?
classroom: That's probably not necessarily the, the, the most,
classroom: Kind of priority for this course, but there's always the opportunity to use this column to educate the public about science.
classroom: For example, we wrote a letter about Chinese medicine, And, we also… Wrote the letter about,
classroom: Company emission monitoring.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: All right, so I think, this, this letter is, just, very important, and, it, it's nicely summarized what we're trying to do here.
classroom: And we do projects together, project-based learning with AI assistance and personalized guidance.
classroom: That's also, what we're trying to do here.
classroom: Now, let's watch a short video on a course, because this course actually won an award.
Audio shared by classroom: GCAP3056 is an award-winning general education capstone course that Ben and I co-develop and co-teach for the Language Center and the Department of English. The course is designed to empower students to conduct research on policies and programs of the Hong Kong government, and then they share their insights by writing in the South China Morning Post letters column. I help students to develop their research skills
Audio shared by classroom: communicate their findings effectively in writing. I also help students in understanding the social issues and the role of the government policies in addressing these social issues.
Audio shared by classroom: I hope that I was able to open up some possible topic areas for student project work.
Audio shared by classroom: Based on my own research interests in the LGBT plus community in Hong Kong and Asia. They were able to formulate a convincing argument on the need for better gender and sexuality inclusivity initiatives as a letter to the SCMP.
Audio shared by classroom: We also collaborated on writing letters to the editor in the South China Morning Post as a way to demonstrate to our students the kind of writing and engagement with public discourse that we expect of in the course.
Audio shared by classroom: And actually having the opportunity to publish an article in a leading newspaper in Hong Kong is a real highlight of the course. Students find it rewarding to have their voices heard by the community through this publication. We also hope that students will develop the skills and confidence to engage in informed public schools and make a difference in their community. And we also hope that it'll actually be in
Audio shared by classroom: I'm inspired to continue being active citizens and contribute to the public good long after the course is over.
Audio shared by classroom: Sustainable peace is mainly based…
classroom: So, that's a very short-term video introducing the course.
classroom: Alright, any questions?
classroom: Okay, so, then we can move on, you know, you can refer to this, page here, you know, talking about the silos and everything.
classroom: Now, let's look at week one, alright? So please come to week one.
classroom: So this week, well, again, as I said, you know, we're still kind of with the shopping period.
classroom: Agile.
classroom: For students who just arrived, hi.
classroom: Do you… do you have, are you in our WhatsApp group?
classroom: Now, you know what's happening? Okay, so you have the leak, right?
classroom: I just shared a link, you know, one step through.
classroom: All right.
classroom: Okay, so… As I mentioned earlier.
classroom: One of the assumptions of this course is that there's always room for improvement in the government's work.
classroom: But if we want to look at this at a more kind of theoretical perspective.
classroom: Then I want to refer to this quote.
classroom: from Thomas Payne.
classroom: Government, even in its best state, is for the necessary evil.
classroom: And it's worth it and the intolerable one.
classroom: So the notion that government is a necessary evil
classroom: I think that's actually something we want to consider. I know it can be kind of a pretty radical notion.
classroom: But remember, we… well, I mean, not necessarily we, but Thomas Paine says that the government's evil.
classroom: Because, conceit of the fact that
classroom: The government as an agency would take away some of our money.
classroom: Right? Your hard-earned money will be taken away from the government in the form of taxation.
classroom: And there's a lot of laws and rules that would restrict people's freedom.
classroom: And threatened to infringe people's rights, because the government has got the power And, violence.
classroom: Okay, so the government is the only legal, authority or legal entities that can actually
classroom: Inflict pain and violence on people.
classroom: Right? Through, through jail, through police.
classroom: So that's why.
classroom: At the various theoretical level, we consider government as evil, but then at the same time, it's a necessary evil, because we do rely on the government to protect us, to offer different services.
classroom: Okay? So this tension between evil and necessity would… leads to…
classroom: The fact, or the argument, that we have to hold the government accountable.
classroom: Right? We have to watch the government very carefully, and make sure that they do not do things that are not reasonable, right?
classroom: So, that's why accountability is so important. We want to hold the government staff accountable, and another related concept is transparency. We want to get as much information as possible about how the government is doing its work, because
classroom: Being transparent is the prerequisite for holding someone accountable, right?
classroom: Now, I want to offer you another… Example.
classroom: And, this is, again, an article that I shared. Can you all access this page?
classroom: I don't know if you need to log into LinkedIn to access
classroom: Now, this… Is an example of how
classroom: We can actually make a difference as a private, ordinary citizen or members of the community.
classroom: how to write so the Hong Kong government will listen.
classroom: Now, this is actually what happened in the… In my neighborhood.
classroom: Okay? So this is the bus stop.
classroom: Right out, right outside.
classroom: the gate of my neighborhood. So I basically use this bus stop every day.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: And this picture was taken or a Saturday afternoon.
classroom: I don't really go outside to, you know, take bus on Saturday afternoon that often, but somehow I have to do something, run an errand or something on that Saturday afternoon.
classroom: And then immediately, I found this… incident.
classroom: which is on a Saturday afternoon, around 4 or 5 PM or something, the bus is so crowded.
classroom: Okay? And the reason why it was so crowded is because there's some construction sites in this area, and 5PM is when everybody gets off, finish their work.
classroom: So when I see this, So what would you do?
classroom: What would you do if you see this?
classroom: Do you consider this unfair or unreasonable?
classroom: Right?
classroom: Because, obviously, you know, there's so many, so many people. And actually, the solution is very simple. Increase the frequency of the bus.
classroom: Because over the weekend, it's very…
classroom: Low frequency, we're talking about every 20 minutes, there will be a bus.
classroom: But during this particular, kind of, atypical rush hours, Ain't…
classroom: We have to do something about it. Now.
classroom: The first thing I do is I write to the transport department.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: Now, one thing you have to remember.
classroom: That's a little trick, you know, even if you, even if you're not coming back to take this course, or whatever.
classroom: You can learn this new trick, okay?
classroom: Trick number one, whenever you deal with the home of government.
classroom: Do not take their phone call.
classroom: Okay, never, ever take their phone call. Because when they talk to you over the phone, that's basically, like, there's no records.
classroom: You see what I mean? There's no way for you to kind of follow up to, to, to, you know, hold them accountable. So never take phone calls, always insist on writing.
classroom: Alright? So, so that's, that's rule number one.
classroom: Now, the second thing is, you have to think about how you frame this E2.
classroom: Because the first thing I do is I write to the transport department, so I frame this issue as an issue of bus service quality.
classroom: Right? Because, because transport department is, is responsible for, for kind of improve and enhance the quality of bus service.
classroom: So I read to them, but then they didn't respond.
classroom: Quickly enough.
classroom: After the whole week, the second week, the same situation.
classroom: The same crowded bus, because all the workers trying to get home, go home, after finishing their work.
classroom: So… What would you do?
classroom: When the transport department doesn't work, what do you… what would you do?
classroom: So you can't really frame this issue as service quality, right?
classroom: Or it's not urgent enough. It takes a whole week, but nothing happened.
classroom: So, what I'll do next?
classroom: It's a right to the police.
classroom: Okay? I write it to the police, because when I write to the police, the issue, the nature of the issue changes.
classroom: from corridor service, to public safety.
classroom: Okay? So I start arguing that, look, there's so many people, so many passengers in this bus, this is a safety concern.
classroom: Okay? So I write to them, and they say, look, you have to start doing something.
classroom: Don't… So then the next Saturday, it was a rainy day, but I still go there.
classroom: And you see the politicians here.
classroom: Okay, so the police officer showed up, Because it's my email.
classroom: You see what I mean?
classroom: Okay? Never call them, okay? Don't call them.
classroom: Because when you call them, they can dismiss you very quickly.
classroom: But when you email them, They help you take action.
classroom: Alright.
classroom: So then, this is a heavy ending, because after this, you know,
classroom: All the workers can enjoy more crowd space.
classroom: I think that's one of the reasons we want to be educated, right?
classroom: Because once you become educated, you learn how to do this kind of thing, right, to the government, hold them accountable, and then we're helping those who are less educated.
classroom: You see what I mean? The less privileged people, in our community.
classroom: We're trying to help them. And this is an example of how we can help them.
classroom: And, you can also look at this letter, which was written by my student.
classroom: And this is a letter that actually talks about, column…
classroom: We can complain against the police.
classroom: Right?
classroom: Most important thing is, we have this telephone directory of Hong Kong government.
classroom: Okay, so this is actually something that you can… you can learn and you can take away from.
classroom: Alright, so you go to the government terminal directory, And there's a full list.
classroom: And, you see, most people don't know this.
classroom: But it's actually publicly available.
classroom: Anyone can come here. So next time, if you are not happy with the police.
classroom: But I hope, of course, I hope you won't have… you won't have that as a problem.
classroom: But just in case you want to,
classroom: File a complaint or something.
classroom: You don't… you don't go here directly, right? But… but the… the… the top guy.
classroom: A commission of the police, there's an email.
classroom: For his office, right?
classroom: But usually, you want to start with… A specific region.
classroom: Like, what I did is I start with the Taipo region, because this is what happened in Taipo, right? So, I start with the Taipo region, there's a director, there's a commander, or whatever, officer there. I emailed to him.
classroom: And they said, look, you better do something about it.
classroom: And if they don't do anything, and then you can go up one level.
classroom: and complain again. And then go up another level, you see what I mean?
classroom: That's how you deal with not just police, but any government department.
classroom: Because you don't want to just write an email to the inquiry hotline, you see what I mean?
classroom: You'll have to go here.
classroom: And then it would be much more effective.
classroom: Alright, so…
classroom: I think this is where I'd like to pause, and maybe hear what you have to say.
classroom: And what you can do is come to week one, And come to this… page.
classroom: Under tools, two principles that guide our work.
classroom: And, you can log in
classroom: So, the way you log in is this.
classroom: You go to the… you click on login.
classroom: and then you are new to decide, so you put your… the last four digits of your student ID,
classroom: Okay, this way I can… I will know who you are. And then the first name and last name initial, only the letter, the first letter, okay, not the whole,
classroom: Not everything.
classroom: Okay, so let me just do a quick demo here.
classroom: So, suppose the last four digits, is, for me, is 0001, and the first thing you need to pay, the last name is L,
classroom: And then I will get a… That's a lady.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: So, I will grab this… this is my platform ID. Now, when you log in with your platform ID, you want to make sure that
classroom: you remember this, okay? Because next time, you need this ID to… Come back.
classroom: And everything you do here will be saved.
classroom: Blue is record.
classroom: Okay? So what you should do now, everybody, is to…
classroom: copy this, platform ID, and send it to me.
classroom: Okay? Send to me through WhatsApp.
classroom: And also tell me…
classroom: Also, tell me your name and your full student ID.
classroom: Yes, direct message.
classroom: And this way,
classroom: Later on, when you work on the course, you know, there will be other tasks that you can work on.
classroom: Okay, anyone need, help?
classroom: on this?
classroom: I need to send you my food.
classroom: Bye-bye.
classroom: Yes.
classroom: Alright, so…
classroom: Well, actually, you don't have to send it to the group. Maybe. Just, just send a private, private message me, yeah.
classroom: Actually, you, you, you better just delete the, the, the…
classroom: The good one, because it's private.
classroom: Is Amina here?
classroom: Great, thanks.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: Are you in our group?
classroom: But yeah, okay, all, I'll assemble it.
classroom: Maybe I don't
classroom: Now, once you are here.
classroom: Once you've got your, login, been…
classroom: We come back here, and there's two questions for you, or actually three questions for you.
classroom: The first question is, what question would you ask the government
classroom: what question would you ask the government about the… well, actually, oh, sorry. The first question is, is if you could hold the whole government itself accountable in one area, what would it be, and how?
classroom: Think about the specific government decision or practice you want to change. Who is responsible, what would you want them to do differently, and give an example.
classroom: So that's the first question.
classroom: Do you know where it is?
classroom: It's, in week one, Accountability and transparency.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: So there are 3 questions here.
classroom: Excuse me.
classroom: accomplishment.
classroom: Look on it.
classroom: Go down.
classroom: I think you already got in. You can send a message.
classroom: So basically, it's… it's here, right? So, accountability and transparency. It's under tools, two principles that guide our work.
classroom: And then here, there's, like, 3 places.
classroom: Now, please see if you can,
classroom: If you can leave a message.
classroom: You know, when you leave a message, you should be able to see it right away.
classroom: Oh, they ask for at least 10 characters.
classroom: Okay, so just write a few words. These are the questions for you to kind of,
classroom: think about. So, hopefully have a more relevant learning experience, yes.
classroom: Oh,
classroom: We need a couple of them.
classroom: Good luck.
classroom: Okay, so one student said, I would like to focus on housing policy accountability. The second for housing should ensure more transparent allocation of public housing.
classroom: By implementing a fairer lottery system, people could reduce waiting time and increase accessibility for low-income families.
classroom: Addressing deep-rooted housing inequalities.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: Sounds good.
classroom: It's a good answer.
classroom: Okay, another student said I would,
classroom: Hold the Hong government staff accountable for transparency in decision-making, especially regarding land development.
classroom: The responsible officials should openly disclose the criteria and process behind zoning and housing projects. For example, instead of a secret negotiation with developers, they should publish detailed plans and rationales to ensure public trust and prevent corruption.
classroom: Cool. Thank you.
classroom: Good.
classroom: Now, let's take a short break while you are working on this. If you have a question, let me know.
classroom: Who is Portia?
classroom: Maybe you said private messaging me? You can delete this, because it's supposed to be a private, ID.
classroom: Do you know how the disease is?
classroom: Yeah, thanks.
classroom: Okay, so let me check and see…
classroom: Portia, you haven't deleted your message, or it's already too late.
classroom: Oh, but can you do it on your computer? On your phone?
classroom: I think you can do it on your computer.
classroom: It's two people.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: Yeah, that's cool.
classroom: Thank you.
classroom: Oh, what's happening?
classroom: Okay, so we have… I think I got message from…
classroom: Quite a number of students already.
classroom: So, rookie… from Iris… What is our most respect, okay? And, from Elaine.
classroom: Upon… From Eric.
classroom: Eric? Okay.
classroom: What's your major?
classroom: Business school?
classroom: What's… which faculty?
classroom: human… Humanity?
classroom: It would be compelling.
classroom: Oh, okay, so is that transdisciplinary?
classroom: Okay.
classroom: Oh, that's a good one. I think you might want to…
classroom: look into, eHouse or something.
classroom: Ray, anyone needs help?
classroom: Yeah, so, so send me your platform ID, and then also your name.
classroom: And, your student ID. Anyway, I can, I can probably find it.
classroom: But… We'll see.
classroom: Okay, so, let me see if there's any… more comments.
classroom: That we can get.
classroom: Long waiting time for public hospital queues.
classroom: different dimensions.
classroom: Now, once you have your first
classroom: kind of the issue that you want to identify, you want to focus on. Then the next question is.
classroom: What information you can collect from the government?
classroom: So what question would you ask the government about the issue you raised above?
classroom: Okay, so, feel free to add your answers to these questions.
classroom: Because it will help you to better understand the course materials and points.
classroom: Now, I'd like to bring your attention to the resources There's an assessment
classroom: Okay, so I want to talk about assessment just a little bit.
classroom: In this course, we will have three components
classroom: 65% of this course will be group work.
classroom: Usually, the group size is 4 to 5.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: But, yeah, I mean, if we have, say, 15 students, then it would be 3 groups.
classroom: We… well, if we only got under 20 students, maybe we can have smaller groups.
classroom: But of course, you know, there's under some circumstances that could be the case that students could work individually, but usually it's working groups.
classroom: And, you know, you have to write, An argumentative research paper.
classroom: And that paper could be submitted to the lawmaker, to the legislative council, which accounts for 25%.
classroom: And, the community engagement would…
classroom: Account for 40%, and that will include 3 pieces.
classroom: The evidence for requesting information, So, you need to document the process of getting information from the government.
classroom: The evidence of writing for the public.
classroom: And also, some visual communication about your case.
classroom: Again, it's to engage the community.
classroom: And then there's the Reflective Learning Journal. That's a heavy one. It's 35%, and it also is individually worked.
classroom: Inevitably assessed?
classroom: So… We'll provide you more prompts and questions to write that.
classroom: So, overall speaking, the workload is… is very reasonable, okay? And, we try to…
classroom: Finish everything by week 11, alright?
classroom: So, you know, in terms of the specific deadlines, I need to adjust a little bit.
classroom: So I, I count… provide the info at this stage, but it will be provided in due course.
classroom: Now, in terms of the group projects.
classroom: Here are a couple of options.
classroom: Now, you need to go to Resources and then Group Projects.
classroom: So you come to this page.
classroom: So, we have a total of 6 options.
classroom: The first one is, fire safety accountability.
classroom: You know, we all know the very unfortunate event.
classroom: the fire in Taekong last November.
classroom: So… We're gonna do a project on this, if you're interested.
classroom: The basic question is, did the Pfizer recipient learn from the Grand Fair?
classroom: Tower Fire in London.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: So we want to review to what extent, fire service department staff have, reviewed and looked at past incidents to learn lessons.
classroom: And then to enhance the spy safety.
classroom: standards. So that's the… that's the first project.
classroom: The second project is about e-health. Okay, e-health has been around for…
classroom: More than 10 years now, I think. I think this year is the 10th anniversary.
classroom: And we've done this work… done work in this area before, so this would be good to kind of follow up.
classroom: If you have medical background, or… Arabic?
classroom: you… your major is about health, right? So, you may want to consider pursuing this.
classroom: And, we all know that recently,
classroom: government increased the public hospital charge.
classroom: And, for the low-income family, it could become less affordable.
classroom: So… That's why, maybe we want to look at how the low-income family
classroom: Households, or people from low-income households could apply for the fee exemption or reduction.
classroom: And then another topic is, you know, how the legislative council can share their data in a more transparent way to facilitate communication with the public.
classroom: And the fifth is more open-ended, It's.
classroom: Because the government, the whole government has got many apps, right? There's so many apps around from different departments.
classroom: So you can pick anyone, any of the apps from the home government, and we can focus on reviewing that app.
classroom: And finally, if you can… Casino, any other… current event policies
classroom: You want to focus on, that's also possible.
classroom: So these are your options.
classroom: So what you can do is…
classroom: After you log in, you can put your first name here, and then you can pick one topic.
classroom: And then to say a few words, you know, why you're interested in this topic, blah blah blah.
classroom: So this way, you will be able to find, hopefully find your group mates.
classroom: Alright, and
classroom: Any, any questions?
classroom: Okay, so, I think that's all I had to say.
classroom: Today?
classroom: You can leave this message here so I know, you know.
classroom: Which topic you are interested in?
classroom: And, hopefully, next week, we'll have more students showing up, and, we'll phone groups.
classroom: And then, in week 3, when everybody settles, and, we can then start working on the projects.
classroom: So, do you have any idea, any,
classroom: Anything mine, what would you like to pursue?
classroom: Safety.
classroom: How about you?
classroom: I see.
classroom: 7 out. That was happening.
classroom: We have to think what?
classroom: Oh, that, that's, that's very open-ended.
classroom: Oh, good money.
classroom: C… You can check out the policy address.
classroom: You're not going to suggest?
classroom: Policy address is, it's, like, the annual speech?
classroom: that the Chief Executive would give.
classroom: This one.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: So the, the, the police address actually got, many different issues.
classroom: And you can pick one.
classroom: How are you?
classroom: Absolutely.
classroom: Biosafety.
classroom: Boeing.
classroom: It helps.
classroom: So, samia, so do you have any questions, topics in mind you want to pursue?
classroom: All right, so we do have a tentative, plan for the rest of the semester. You can… you can take a look, but, at this stage, it's… it's not, confirmed, because, you know, we have to adjust the schedule based on different, factors.
classroom: Week two, we're going to do some research focusing on public information.
classroom: Right? Just, just like a library research.
classroom: And this is where we want to get to know the topic a bit more and gather all the contextual information.
classroom: And, we will start, raising some questions and sharpen the focus of the project.
classroom: And then week 3 is when we will actually finalize all the questions we're going to send to the government. So, week 3, we plan to email the government.
classroom: Okay, and then 3 weeks later, we will get a reply.
classroom: Before, we will start outlining and drafting our report to the Legislative Council.
classroom: We'll start early, because, you know, we'll be the community engagement portfolio, and also the report.
classroom: And then, week five, we look at writing letters to the editor, but again, you know, all the topics, it's subject to change, we may have to adjust.
classroom: And by week 6, we will get our government reply back.
classroom: Okay, so we're going to evaluate governance responses.
classroom: Hopefully by week 7, we're gonna have a field trip to, you know, visit the newsroom.
classroom: of Hong Kong Free Press.
classroom: I'm still, trying to get hold on the editor-in-chief.
classroom: And hopefully, he will host us.
classroom: And then there's the, visual communication workshop in week 8.
classroom: And then week 9, Week now would be consultation, week 10 and consultation again.
classroom: We will prepare for the community outreach.
classroom: And, we will do the community outreach on campus.
classroom: Most likely, it's going to be on campus, set up the booth and everything.
classroom: And then, we're gonna wrap up the course.
classroom: So that's kind of the tentative schedule.
classroom: We will have a lot of group meetings as well, so…
classroom: we don't necessarily will, like, do lecturing all the time. Instead,
classroom: Because it's a project-based learning, experiential learning, So… Yup.
classroom: What else?
classroom: Everybody will get $300 as subsidy for, doing projects, so you will get some money from the school.
classroom: To support your project.
classroom: Okay.
classroom: But, I think that's… That's about it.
classroom: So, Samia, do you have any question?
classroom: Hold on.
classroom: Oh, yes, yes, it will be, it will be on Moodle. I will set up a Moodle, assignment soon.
classroom: That'd be awesome.
classroom: Well, I guess we can… we can find a specific framework.
classroom: But then the thing is, this is… Thanks so much.
classroom: Yep.
classroom: What was it?
classroom: Next week, we'll definitely, said blah blah.
classroom: Okay, anything else?
classroom: If not, then I think that's all for today. If you decided to stay in this course, you need to do me a favor and try to spread the word and invite your friends. Because, as I said, you, you know, we have a 15 minimum requirement for enrollment.
classroom: So, there's, you know, I don't know whether other… because on paper, we got 17.
classroom: students.
classroom: But, it's… it's not,
classroom: It's not safe enough, you know?
classroom: I remember… lost… Last semester, I got a full house, like, 25.
classroom: But, you know, usually the screen centers, it's just fewer students.
classroom: I don't have no idea why.
classroom: But… I'll see you next week, then.